Initial WIP of readme.md (#99)
italia/developers-italia-api: readme.md

> # developers-italia-api for the software catalog of Developers Italia
> API for the developers.italia.it public software collection
> 
> ## Table of Contents
> #### [Requirements](#requirements)
> #### [Description](#description)
> #### [Documentation](#documentation)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I'd leave the TOC out as we won't probably need a lot of sections.

# [Description](#description)

Developers Italia API is a RESTful API that provides information about the catalog of Free and Open Source software aimed to Public Administrations.

# [Requirements](#requirements)
Developers Italia API requires the following:
- [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)
- [Docker Compose](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/)

> 

Reviewer: I'd focus more on the application requirements instead of the deployment / developer environment (ie. the API just needs PostgreSQL)

> Eventually, you can install a SQL Viewer / Manage tool to inspect the database.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

# [Documentation](#documentation)

### Development

> The application uses [https://github.com/cosmtrek/air](Air) for live-reloading of the application in development environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application uses [https://github.com/cosmtrek/air](Air) for live-reloading in the development environment.
```

We use Docker and docker-compose to bring up the developer environment, **just clone the repo** and:

Build the container:
```bash
docker compose up
```

> Wait until the Docker logs explicitly say that the website is served at 0.0.0.0:3000 and navigate to http://localhost:3000.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wait until the Docker logs explicitly say the API is up and you can use its endpoints at http://localhost:3000/v1.
```

Docker compose will bring up API and PostgreSQL containers.

> The application will automatically reload after a changes has been applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application will automatically reload after a change is made.
```

### Contributing

Developers Italia API exists also thanks to your contributions! Here is a list of users who already contributed to this repository:

TODO

### License

> Copyright (c) 2022 - Presidenza del Consiglio dei Ministri

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Copyright © 2022 - Presidenza del Consiglio dei Ministri
```
